at first penguins with chicks circulate
on the outside avoiding the pressure
with him as the weather worsens they'll
all have to look for a place to tuck him
eventually a huge huddle forms
while those in the center are warm and
protected those on the outside are still
struggling
to share the heat around the Penguins
take tiny steps to change possession
waves of movement ripple through the
huddle giving everyone a chance to have
a go in Santa the huddle is so efficient
penguins in the inner core can even
overheat
as these penguins tried to cool down
that colony starts to break up the
collapse act as a release valve shedding
excess heat
but it's dangerous for the chair as
everyone moves position some mothers
topple in the crush
she tries to stop her full weight
falling on her check getting back up is
especially difficult with a chick
nestled in her pouch
parkia finally pays off
[Music]
she and her Czech rejoined the huddle as
it starts to reform
not all have been so lucky
[Music]
this penguin has been searching for her
lost chick
[Music]
[Laughter]
she hopes it might still be alive
[Music]
our pouch is the only lifesaver she
knows
a female companion shoes are concerned
[Music]
the mother invested everything into her
check to lose it is a tragedy
[Music]
[Laughter]
she will have to wait another year
[Music]
you